c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\bin\Debug\LabelPrinter.exe.config
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\bin\Debug\LabelPrinter.exe
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\bin\Debug\LabelPrinter.pdb
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.g.resources
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.exe
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.pdb
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\Container.baml
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\Container.g.cs
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\Activity.baml
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\BarCode.baml
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\Activity.g.cs
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\BarCode.g.cs
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\ActivityPicture\InteractoinAcitivity.baml
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Control\ActivitySetting.baml
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\ActivityPicture\InteractoinAcitivity.g.cs
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Control\ActivitySetting.g.cs
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\ErrorTip.baml
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\ActivityPictureContainer.g.cs
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\ErrorTip.g.cs
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\ActivityPictureContainer.baml
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Control\BarCodeSetting.baml
c:\users\zcarl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Control\BarCodeSetting.g.cs
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\bin\Debug\LabelPrinter.exe.config
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.exe
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.pdb
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\bin\Debug\LabelPrinter.exe
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\bin\Debug\LabelPrinter.pdb
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\ActivityPicture\InteractoinAcitivity.baml
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Control\ActivitySetting.baml
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Control\BarCodeSetting.baml
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\ErrorTip.baml
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\ActivityPicture\InteractoinAcitivity.g.cs
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Control\ActivitySetting.g.cs
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Control\BarCodeSetting.g.cs
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\Activity.g.cs
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\ActivityPictureContainer.g.cs
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\BarCode.g.cs
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\Container.g.cs
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\ErrorTip.g.cs
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter_MarkupCompile.lref
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\Activity.baml
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\ActivityPictureContainer.baml
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\BarCode.baml
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\Designer\Container.baml
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.g.resources
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\教育技术学\LabelPrinter\LabelPrinter\obj\Debug\LabelPrinter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
